README.md, before:

# Verapdf-js-viewer

Display pdf with opportunity of bounding boxes selection

### Compatibility

#### React

To use the latest version of Verapdf-js-viewer, your project needs to use React 16.3 or later.

#### Internet Explorer

Internet Explorer is not supported in Verapdf-js-viewer. Use Edge instead

### Usage

Here's an example of basic usage:

```js
import React, { useState } from 'react';
import PdfViewer from 'verapdf-js-viewer';

function MyApp() {
  const [numPages, setNumPages] = useState(null);
  const [pageNumber, setPageNumber] = useState(1);

  function onDocumentLoadSuccess({ numPages }) {
    setNumPages(numPages);
  }

  return (
    <div>
      <PdfViewer
        file="somefile.pdf"
        onLoadSuccess={onDocumentLoadSuccess}
      />
      <p>Page {pageNumber} of {numPages}</p>
    </div>
  );
}
```

## Input parameters

|Prop name|Description|Default value|Example values|
|----|----|----|----|
|<b>Document props</b>|
|className|Class name(s) that will be added to rendered element.|n/a|`"custom-class-name-1 custom-class-name-2"`|
|file|What PDF should be displayed.<br />Its value can be an URL, a file (imported using `import ... from ...` or from file input form element), or an object with parameters (`url` - URL; `data` - data, preferably Uint8Array; `range` - PDFDataRangeTransport; `httpHeaders` - custom request headers, e.g. for authorization), `withCredentials` - a boolean to indicate whether or not to include cookies in the request (defaults to `false`).<br />**Warning**: Since equality check (`===`) is used to determine if `file` object has changed, it must be memoized by setting it in component's state, `useMemo` or other similar technique.|n/a|<ul><li>URL:<br />`"http://example.com/sample.pdf"` </li><li>File:<br />`import sample from '../static/sample.pdf'` and then<br />`sample`</li><li>Parameter object:<br />`{ url: 'http://example.com/sample.pdf', httpHeaders: { 'X-CustomHeader': '40359820958024350238508234' }, withCredentials: true }`</ul>|
|bboxMap|Map of bboxes that will be rendered as selectable rectangles over pdf pages. Currently support `[x, y, width, height]` bboxes. New contexts will be added. Accept: `{pageNumber: [bboxesArray] }`|n/a|`{  1: [[10,200,300,440]], 4: [[30,54,240,30], [10,24,240,350]] }`|
|activeBboxPage|Page with active bbox|n/a|`1`|
|activeBboxIndex|Index of active bbox from active page|n/a|`0`|
|showAllPages|Boolean flag to show pdf with all pages with scroll or single page|false|`true`
|error|What the component should display in case of an error.|`"Failed to load PDF file."`|<ul><li>String:<br />`"An error occurred!"`</li><li>React element:<br />`<div>An error occurred!</div>`</li><li>Function:<br />`this.renderError`</li></ul>|
|externalLinkTarget|Link target for external links rendered in annotations.|unset, which means that default behavior will be used|One of valid [values for `target` attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a#Attributes). <ul><li>`"_self"`</li><li>`"_blank"`</li><li>`"_parent"`</li><li>`"_top"`</li></ul>
|loading|What the component should display while loading.|`"Loading PDF…"`|<ul><li>String:<br />`"Please wait!"`</li><li>React element:<br />`<div>Please wait!</div>`</li><li>Function:<br />`this.renderLoader`</li></ul>|
|noData|What the component should display in case of no data.|`"No PDF file specified."`|<ul><li>String:<br />`"Please select a file."`</li><li>React element:<br />`<div>Please select a file.</div>`</li><li>Function:<br />`this.renderNoData`</li></ul>|
|rotate|Rotation of the document in degrees. If provided, will change rotation globally, even for the pages which were given `rotate` prop of their own. `90` = rotated to the right, `180` = upside down, `270` = rotated to the left.|n/a|`90`|
|onLoadSuccess|Function called when the document is successfully loaded.|n/a|`(pdf) => alert('Loaded a file with ' + pdf.numPages + ' pages!')`|
|onLoadError|Function called in case of an error while loading a document.|n/a|`(error) => alert('Error while loading document! ' + error.message)`|
|onItemClick|Function called when an outline item has been clicked. Usually, you would like to use this callback to move the user wherever they requested to.|n/a|`({ pageNumber }) => alert('Clicked an item from page ' + pageNumber + '!')`|
|onBboxClick|Function called when an bbox item has been clicked.|n/a|`(bboxData) => alert('Selected bbox from ' + bboxData.page + ' page!')`|
|onPageChange|Function called when page changed during scrolling|n/a|`(page: number) => alert('New page ' + page);`|
|<b>Page props</b>|
|page|Which page from PDF file should be displayed, by page number. In case `showAllPages={true}` autoscroll to provided page|`1`|`2`|
|inputRef|A prop that behaves like [ref](https://reactjs.org/docs/refs-and-the-dom.html), but it's passed to main `<div>` rendered by `<Page>` component.|n/a|<ul><li>Function:<br />`(ref) => { this.myPage = ref; }`</li><li>Ref created using `React.createRef`:<br />`this.ref = React.createRef();`<br />…<br />`inputRef={this.ref}`</li><li>Ref created using `React.useRef`:<br />`const ref = React.useRef();`<br />…<br />`inputRef={ref}`</li></ul>|
|pageError|What the component should display in case of an error.|`"Failed to load the page."`|<ul><li>String:<br />`"An error occurred!"`</li><li>React element:<br />`<div>An error occurred!</div>`</li><li>Function:<br />`this.renderError`</li></ul>|
|height|Page height. If neither `height` nor `width` are defined, page will be rendered at the size defined in PDF. If you define `width` and `height` at the same time, `height` will be ignored. If you define `height` and `scale` at the same time, the height will be multiplied by a given factor.|Page's default height|`300`|
|width|Page width. If neither `height` nor `width` are defined, page will be rendered at the size defined in PDF. If you define `width` and `height` at the same time, `height` will be ignored. If you define `width` and `scale` at the same time, the width will be multiplied by a given factor.|Page's default width|`300`|
|pageLoading|What the component should display while loading.|`"Loading page…"`|<ul><li>String:<br />`"Please wait!"`</li><li>React element:<br />`<div>Please wait!</div>`</li><li>Function:<br />`this.renderLoader`</li></ul>|
|renderAnnotationLayer|Whether annotations (e.g. links) should be rendered.|`true`|`false`|
|renderInteractiveForms|Whether interactive forms should be rendered. `renderAnnotationLayer` prop must be set to `true`.|`false`|`true`|
|renderTextLayer|Whether a text layer should be rendered.|`true`|`false`|
|scale|Page scale.|`1.0`|`0.5`|
|onPageLoadError|Function called in case of an error while loading the page.|n/a|`(error) => alert('Error while loading page! ' + error.message)`|
|onPageLoadProgress|Function called, potentially multiple times, as the loading progresses.|n/a|`({ loaded, total }) => alert('Loading a document: ' + (loaded / total) * 100 + '%');`|
|onPageLoadSuccess|Function called when the page is successfully loaded.|n/a|`(page) => alert('Now displaying a page number ' + page.pageNumber + '!')`|
|onPageRenderError|Function called in case of an error while rendering the page.|n/a|`(error) => alert('Error while loading page! ' + error.message)`|
|onPageRenderSuccess|Function called when the page is successfully rendered on the screen.|n/a|`() => alert('Rendered the page!')`|
|onGetAnnotationsSuccess|Function called when annotations are successfully loaded.|n/a|`(annotations) => alert('Now displaying ' + annotations.length + ' annotations!')`|
|onGetAnnotationsError|Function called in case of an error while loading annotations.|n/a|`(error) => alert('Error while loading annotations! ' + error.message)`|
|onGetTextSuccess|Function called when text layer items are successfully loaded.|n/a|`(items) => alert('Now displaying ' + items.length + ' text layer items!')`|
|onGetTextError|Function called in case of an error while loading text layer items.|n/a|`(error) => alert('Error while loading text layer items! ' + error.message)`|

## Useful links

* [React-PDF](https://github.com/wojtekmaj/react-pdf)

Commit message:

#6: Added support of string locations
e.g. "pages[indeces]/boundingBox[x,y,x1,y1]"

README.md, after:

# Verapdf-js-viewer

Display pdf with opportunity of bounding boxes selection

### Compatibility

#### React

To use the latest version of Verapdf-js-viewer, your project needs to use React 16.3 or later.

#### Internet Explorer

Internet Explorer is not supported in Verapdf-js-viewer. Use Edge instead

### Usage

Here's an example of basic usage:

```js
import React, { useState } from 'react';
import PdfViewer from 'verapdf-js-viewer';

function MyApp() {
  const [numPages, setNumPages] = useState(null);
  const [pageNumber, setPageNumber] = useState(1);

  function onDocumentLoadSuccess({ numPages }) {
    setNumPages(numPages);
  }

  return (
    <div>
      <PdfViewer
        file="somefile.pdf"
        onLoadSuccess={onDocumentLoadSuccess}
      />
      <p>Page {pageNumber} of {numPages}</p>
    </div>
  );
}
```

## Input parameters

|Prop name|Description|Default value|Example values|
|----|----|----|----|
|<b>Document props</b>|
|className|Class name(s) that will be added to rendered element.|n/a|`"custom-class-name-1 custom-class-name-2"`|
|file|What PDF should be displayed.<br />Its value can be an URL, a file (imported using `import ... from ...` or from file input form element), or an object with parameters (`url` - URL; `data` - data, preferably Uint8Array; `range` - PDFDataRangeTransport; `httpHeaders` - custom request headers, e.g. for authorization), `withCredentials` - a boolean to indicate whether or not to include cookies in the request (defaults to `false`).<br />**Warning**: Since equality check (`===`) is used to determine if `file` object has changed, it must be memoized by setting it in component's state, `useMemo` or other similar technique.|n/a|<ul><li>URL:<br />`"http://example.com/sample.pdf"` </li><li>File:<br />`import sample from '../static/sample.pdf'` and then<br />`sample`</li><li>Parameter object:<br />`{ url: 'http://example.com/sample.pdf', httpHeaders: { 'X-CustomHeader': '40359820958024350238508234' }, withCredentials: true }`</ul>|
|bboxes|Array of bboxes`{page, location}` that will be rendered as selectable rectangles over pdf pages.<br />Currently support these locations:<br /><ul><li>Array of coordinates: `[x, y, width, height]`</li><li>String with coordinates for left-bottom point and top-right:`pages[1-2]/boundingBox[x,y,x2,y2]`</li></ul> New contexts will be added.|n/a|`[{  page: 1, location: [10,200,300,440], page: 2, location: 'pages[2-4]/boundingBox[10,200,300,400]' }]`|
|activeBboxIndex|Index of active bbox from bboxes array|n/a|`0`|
|showAllPages|Boolean flag to show pdf with all pages with scroll or single page|false|`true`
|error|What the component should display in case of an error.|`"Failed to load PDF file."`|<ul><li>String:<br />`"An error occurred!"`</li><li>React element:<br />`<div>An error occurred!</div>`</li><li>Function:<br />`this.renderError`</li></ul>|
|externalLinkTarget|Link target for external links rendered in annotations.|unset, which means that default behavior will be used|One of valid [values for `target` attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a#Attributes). <ul><li>`"_self"`</li><li>`"_blank"`</li><li>`"_parent"`</li><li>`"_top"`</li></ul>
|loading|What the component should display while loading.|`"Loading PDF…"`|<ul><li>String:<br />`"Please wait!"`</li><li>React element:<br />`<div>Please wait!</div>`</li><li>Function:<br />`this.renderLoader`</li></ul>|
|noData|What the component should display in case of no data.|`"No PDF file specified."`|<ul><li>String:<br />`"Please select a file."`</li><li>React element:<br />`<div>Please select a file.</div>`</li><li>Function:<br />`this.renderNoData`</li></ul>|
|rotate|Rotation of the document in degrees. If provided, will change rotation globally, even for the pages which were given `rotate` prop of their own. `90` = rotated to the right, `180` = upside down, `270` = rotated to the left.|n/a|`90`|
|onLoadSuccess|Function called when the document is successfully loaded.|n/a|`(pdf) => alert('Loaded a file with ' + pdf.numPages + ' pages!')`|
|onLoadError|Function called in case of an error while loading a document.|n/a|`(error) => alert('Error while loading document! ' + error.message)`|
|onItemClick|Function called when an outline item has been clicked. Usually, you would like to use this callback to move the user wherever they requested to.|n/a|`({ pageNumber }) => alert('Clicked an item from page ' + pageNumber + '!')`|
|onBboxClick|Function called when an bbox item has been clicked.|n/a|`(bboxData) => alert('Selected bbox from ' + bboxData.page + ' page!')`|
|onPageChange|Function called when page changed during scrolling|n/a|`(page: number) => alert('New page ' + page);`|
|<b>Page props</b>|
|page|Which page from PDF file should be displayed, by page number. In case `showAllPages={true}` autoscroll to provided page|`1`|`2`|
|inputRef|A prop that behaves like [ref](https://reactjs.org/docs/refs-and-the-dom.html), but it's passed to main `<div>` rendered by `<Page>` component.|n/a|<ul><li>Function:<br />`(ref) => { this.myPage = ref; }`</li><li>Ref created using `React.createRef`:<br />`this.ref = React.createRef();`<br />…<br />`inputRef={this.ref}`</li><li>Ref created using `React.useRef`:<br />`const ref = React.useRef();`<br />…<br />`inputRef={ref}`</li></ul>|
|pageError|What the component should display in case of an error.|`"Failed to load the page."`|<ul><li>String:<br />`"An error occurred!"`</li><li>React element:<br />`<div>An error occurred!</div>`</li><li>Function:<br />`this.renderError`</li></ul>|
|height|Page height. If neither `height` nor `width` are defined, page will be rendered at the size defined in PDF. If you define `width` and `height` at the same time, `height` will be ignored. If you define `height` and `scale` at the same time, the height will be multiplied by a given factor.|Page's default height|`300`|
|width|Page width. If neither `height` nor `width` are defined, page will be rendered at the size defined in PDF. If you define `width` and `height` at the same time, `height` will be ignored. If you define `width` and `scale` at the same time, the width will be multiplied by a given factor.|Page's default width|`300`|
|pageLoading|What the component should display while loading.|`"Loading page…"`|<ul><li>String:<br />`"Please wait!"`</li><li>React element:<br />`<div>Please wait!</div>`</li><li>Function:<br />`this.renderLoader`</li></ul>|
|renderAnnotationLayer|Whether annotations (e.g. links) should be rendered.|`true`|`false`|
|renderInteractiveForms|Whether interactive forms should be rendered. `renderAnnotationLayer` prop must be set to `true`.|`false`|`true`|
|renderTextLayer|Whether a text layer should be rendered.|`true`|`false`|
|scale|Page scale.|`1.0`|`0.5`|
|onPageLoadError|Function called in case of an error while loading the page.|n/a|`(error) => alert('Error while loading page! ' + error.message)`|
|onPageLoadProgress|Function called, potentially multiple times, as the loading progresses.|n/a|`({ loaded, total }) => alert('Loading a document: ' + (loaded / total) * 100 + '%');`|
|onPageLoadSuccess|Function called when the page is successfully loaded.|n/a|`(page) => alert('Now displaying a page number ' + page.pageNumber + '!')`|
|onPageRenderError|Function called in case of an error while rendering the page.|n/a|`(error) => alert('Error while loading page! ' + error.message)`|
|onPageRenderSuccess|Function called when the page is successfully rendered on the screen.|n/a|`() => alert('Rendered the page!')`|
|onGetAnnotationsSuccess|Function called when annotations are successfully loaded.|n/a|`(annotations) => alert('Now displaying ' + annotations.length + ' annotations!')`|
|onGetAnnotationsError|Function called in case of an error while loading annotations.|n/a|`(error) => alert('Error while loading annotations! ' + error.message)`|
|onGetTextSuccess|Function called when text layer items are successfully loaded.|n/a|`(items) => alert('Now displaying ' + items.length + ' text layer items!')`|
|onGetTextError|Function called in case of an error while loading text layer items.|n/a|`(error) => alert('Error while loading text layer items! ' + error.message)`|

## Useful links

* [React-PDF](https://github.com/wojtekmaj/react-pdf)
